Add examples for replacements of string HTML methods (#29039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/string/strike/index.md

The **`strike()`** method of {{jsxref("String")}} values creates a string that embeds this string in a {{HTMLElement("strike")}} element (`<strike>str</strike>`), which causes this string to be displayed as struck-out text.

> > **Note:** All [HTML wrapper methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#html_wrapper_methods) are deprecated and only standardized for compatibility purposes. For the case of `strike()`, the `<strike>` element itself has been removed from the HTML specification and shouldn't be used anymore. Web developers should use the {{HTMLElement("del")}} or {{HTMLElement("s")}} elements instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** All [HTML wrapper methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#html_wrapper_methods) are deprecated and only standardized for compatibility purposes. For the case of `strike()`, the `<strike>` element itself has been removed from the HTML specification and shouldn't be used anymore. Web developers should use the {{HTMLElement("del")}} for deleted content or the {{HTMLElement("s")}} for content that is no longer accurate or no longer relevant instead.
```

> > **Note:** All [HTML wrapper methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#html_wrapper_methods) are deprecated and only standardized for compatibility purposes. For the case of `strike()`, the `<strike>` element itself has been removed in [HTML5](/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5) and shouldn't be used anymore. Web developers should use the {{HTMLElement("del")}} or {{HTMLElement("s")}} elements instead.

Reviewer: It's no longer "HTML5", it's HTML the living standard. Optional link: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#strike 

```suggestion
> **Note:** All [HTML wrapper methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#html_wrapper_methods) are deprecated and only standardized for compatibility purposes. For the case of `strike()`, the `<strike>` element itself has been removed from the specification and shouldn't be used anymore. Web developers should use the {{HTMLElement("del")}} element instead.
```

Author: So that will apply to other obsolete elements like `<blink>` and `<font>` as well, right?

Also, I believe `<s>` is still a thing? Much like `<em>` and `<i>` are both relevant.

Reviewer: if we include both, let's explain the difference.
```suggestion
> **Note:** All [HTML wrapper methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#html_wrapper_methods) are deprecated and only standardized for compatibility purposes. For the case of `strike()`, the `<strike>` element itself has been removed from the specification and shouldn't be used anymore. Web developers should use the {{HTMLElement("del")}} for deleted content and the {{HTMLElement("s")}} for content that is no longer accurate or no longer relevant instead.
```

### Using strike()

The code below creates an HTML string and then replaces the document's body with it:

```js
const contentString = "Hello, world";

document.body.innerHTML = contentString.strike();
```

This will create the following HTML:

```html
<strike>Hello, world</strike>
```

> **Warning:** This markup is invalid, because `strike` is no longer a valid element.

Instead of using `strike()` and creating HTML text directly, you should use DOM APIs such as [`document.createElement()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/createElement). For example:

```js
const contentString = "Hello, world";

> const elem = document.createElement("s");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const elem = document.createElement("del");
```

Author: See above; I think `<s>` is more appropriate for people expecting a strike rather than expecting "deletion indicator".
